[Music]
Hearing
the sound of the bell, the
troubles lighten,
wisdom rises, Bodhi is equal.
[Music]
Leaving the realm of hell, escaping ignorance, attaining
Buddhahood. Namo
Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva, Lord of the
Underworld. Namo Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva, Lord of the
Underworld.
[Music]
Nguyen sends his sincere heart with the
fragrant clouds.
[Music] Fragrance
wafts throughout the ten directions, offering to the
Three Jewels. The teacher,
throughout his life, upholds the Dharma according to his nature, doing
good deeds together with all sentient beings in the Dharma realm, praying for the Buddha's compassionate protection. His
Bodhi mind is firm, his aspiration to
cultivate the Dharma is steadfast, he abandons
the ocean of suffering and the source of delusion, quickly returning to the shore of
enlightenment.
Namo Hung, offering Bodhisattva. Namo Fragrance, offering Bodhisattva. Namo Fragrance, offering Bodhisattva. Namo the ten
directions of the Dharma realm, the ever-abiding Three Jewels, the Great
Witness. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni.
We respectfully
beseech all Buddhas, Bodhisattvas, and virtuous and holy monks to
witness and protect us. We
respectfully invite all celestial beings, spirits, and divine beings to descend to the altar and support
us, your disciples, belonging to the
Minh Pho Thanh Son Dharma Center.  The
Golden Chrysanthemum Club, practicing the Six Harmonies Dharma, is currently
practicing at Ba Vang Pagoda. Today,
March 12th, 2011 (Year of the Ox), we, the Buddhist followers of the
Six Harmonies Dharma, following the request
of the family of devotee Pham Van Tuan, with the
permission of the monks of Ba Vang Pagoda and the
assignment of the Dharma group, have
come to the family's home
in
Thanh Son Ward, Uong Bi City, Quang
Ninh Province, to offer prayers for our fellow Buddhist follower Pham
Van Thuong, Dharma name Minh Tri, who is
seriously ill due to old age. We also assist the
family in practicing meritorious deeds, chanting scriptures, and offering prayers
to dedicate blessings to our
fellow follower so that his karmic obstacles may be eliminated.
If he still has his life, may he recover;
if not, may his
suffering lessen, his mind
become clear, and may he peacefully relinquish his physical body. With the support of the
Three Jewels, we pray for Supreme Enlightenment.
We
do not rely on the power of the Three Jewels, the vows of the
monks of Ba Vang Pagoda, or the power and merit of the Six Harmonies Dharma to save the souls of the deceased.
We wholeheartedly invite all the vengeful
spirits and karmic creditors who are currently practicing the Six Harmonies Dharma.  The
impact on the physical and
mental state of Buddhist devotee Pham Van Thuong,
Dharma name Minh Tri, along with the
ancestral spirits of the Pham and Nguyen
families, and other spirits with karmic connections,
at the family's residence,
are gathered at the Dharma assembly to
practice, listen to the
scriptures and Dharma, seek enlightenment, and partake
in the offerings of the family.
We wholeheartedly invite Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni [music] [
music] the
Lotus Sutra King [music] the three
realms, the
new husband, the teacher throughout heaven, the benevolent father of
us all [music] [music] [music]
to the Dharma assembly. Oh, please come down to the Buddha's Jewel [
applause] the radiant light
before the Jewel of Peace, bowing our heads, we vow
[music]
in the Three Greats. Namo to the entire universe,
the ocean of Dharma, the manifested fruit, the Buddhas, the venerable
Dharma, the holy monks, the
ever-abiding Three Jewels, upholding the Three Greats, Namo, the
distant Buddha, the supreme teacher, the Buddha Shakyamuni, the
Buddha's
temple, the peaceful birth of happiness, the Venerable
Buddha
Manjushri.  Bodhisattva Great
City,
Bodhisattva Protector of the Dharma,
not yet Venerable
Bodhisattva, Mountain Soldier, Supreme Buddha,
Bodhisattva
[Music] Great
Heart, Silver, People of the
West, Lord of the Pure
Land, Great Compassion, Great Mercy
[Applause] Great Compassionate Buddha, Avalokiteshvara
Bodhisattva,
Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva, Great Vow, Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva,
Great Compassionate One
[Music]
Deep Dharma, White Color, What More Than
Hundreds of Thousands of Eons, Difficult to Meet,
Now I Hear, Cloud, Preserve the Original
Understanding, True Earth, World Honored One,
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni, Namo Buddha Shakyamuni, Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni, Heavenly Sutra, To
Like, Taking Refuge in the Three Jewels, In
ancient times, the Buddha suddenly passed away, The Five Virtues,
Knowing that they were about to be
reborn, they were born into the womb of a horse in a
craftsman's house.
What is the loss of the Five Virtues? One is a halo on the body, two is a
transformation on the head, withering, three is no longer
liking one's seat, four is every
nook and cranny thick with foul odor, five is dust clinging to the
body, the human heart, this matter on
Phuoc Binh is over, Ok  Deeply worried and saddened, he
thought that in the three realms, only a Buddha could save sentient beings from suffering,
so he hurried to find the
Buddha. At that time, the Venerable Buddha was meditating, in a
meditative state of observing the world in a stone
chamber on the mountain. The immortal, far from reaching the place,
bowed and prostrated himself before the Buddha, prostrating himself
on the ground, wholeheartedly taking refuge in the Buddha, Dharma, and Sangha.
During his final moments, while performing the
ritual of the Heavenly Emperor's death, his consciousness
entered the womb of a horse in
the house of a potter. At that time, the donkey's mother had already
died, causing chaos in the pottery workshop. Unexpectedly,
many people were enraged and
chased the
mother with a stick, resulting in a miscarriage. The consciousness of the
Heavenly Emperor then escaped the donkey's womb and
returned to his original body, fully possessing the five virtues as before.
The Buddha emerged from the Samadhi and traveled for eight
auspicious months. On the day the Heavenly Emperor was about to die, he took refuge in
the Three Jewels. His
karmic debt was repaid, and there was no more
suffering. Now, the Venerable Buddha spoke a
verse: All things are impermanent; that is the law of rise and fall,
birth and
death, and peace and joy. Just as a potter's house is filled with
clay and utensils, everything must last
forever, and so are people.  After listening to the
story, I immediately understood the meaning of love, the impermanence
of things, the transformation of sin and merit, the
root of things, prosperity and decline, following the principles of the Dharma, the
joyful connection with the karmic sounds, and the attainment
of the Pure Land. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni. At this moment, we, your disciples, would
like to read the
teachings for Buddhist follower Pham Van Thuong, Dharma name
Minh Tri. We ask for the blessings of the Three Jewels and the merits of the Dharma to help the consciousness of the patient understand these teachings. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni. On this day, fellow Buddhist follower Pham Van Thuong,
Dharma name Minh Tri,
this day, fellow Buddhist follower Pham Van Thuong, Dharma name Minh Tri, these days are the
days of impending death, so your body
may be tired. Your mind should follow the
contemplation of the Complete Enlightenment with your
fellow practitioners and family. There may be
times when your body is tired and you may
fall asleep, but please
try to stay awake to contemplate the Complete Enlightenment
with your fellow practitioners, repeating the
Buddha's teachings. Fellow Buddhist follower,
today we, your
fellow practitioners, would like to read...  The teachings for fellow
practitioners to remember and understand further are
similar in the Sutra of the Heavenly Emperor Indra's Refuge in the
Three Jewels that the Buddhists have just recited. It shows that
the merit of taking refuge in the Three Jewels is extremely supreme,
causing the Heavenly Emperor Indra to escape the
suffering and degradation of the animal realm and continue to
enjoy the life of a celestial being. Fellow
practitioners, you have been practicing in the Golden Chrysanthemum Club
since taking refuge in the Three Jewels, and the
club and the Dharma community have always encouraged you to maintain the mindfulness of taking refuge in the
Three Jewels. Therefore, even at this moment, you
have not lost mindfulness of taking refuge in the
Three Jewels and remain a fully meritorious Buddhist. You have developed Bodhicitta, practiced the Six Harmonies,
and have practiced the
Bodhi virtues to some extent. Now, with a clear and focused mind, I
will remind you, Pham Van
Thuong, Dharma name Minh Tri, to remember: taking refuge in the Three
Jewels. What does taking refuge in the Three Jewels mean? Taking
refuge means returning to and relying on the Three
Jewels, the three precious things. Taking refuge in the Three Jewels means
returning to and relying on the
Three Precious Jewels. What are those Three Precious
Jewels? The first Precious Jewel is the Buddha. The
Buddha was a real person born in
India more than a thousand years ago.  For 2,600 years,
seeing the suffering of sentient beings, he
vowed to practice to find a path to
relieve our suffering.
He possesses immeasurable blessings, perfect wisdom, and boundless
compassion for all beings.
Only by relying on him
can we escape suffering. The
second treasure is the Dharma. The Dharma consists of the
Buddha's teachings, spoken
from his enlightenment, which are methods to
transform the suffering
in our lives.
For example, the practice of giving leads to liberation from
poverty and wealth. The practice of
not killing leads to good karma and
longevity. The practice of the Six
Harmonies, as practiced by Buddhists in
clubs, helps to eliminate ego and brings
immense benefits, enabling us to live in
harmony and
joy with others wherever we go. The
third treasure is the Sangha. The Sangha consists of those
who have renounced their families to become disciples
of the Buddha. They live
simple lives, without wives, children, homes,
or personal possessions. They
practice according to the Buddha's teachings to bring about change.
The benefit of liberation for oneself and for all
sentient beings
is like the monks of Ba Vang Pagoda, who
practice the noble ascetic life, seeking
enlightenment, eating only one meal a day according to circumstances, subsisting
on three tattered robes,
living in the forest, practicing the Buddha's teachings,
and then guiding
others to do virtuous things. When
transforming suffering in
this life and the future,
for the benefit of fellow practitioners, now, fellow practitioners, with sincere hearts,
turn towards the
Three Jewels to recite the Dharma and take refuge.
Now, with a clear mind, we will repeat the refuge vow.
Fellow practitioners can repeat it or mentally recall it
to remember the refuge, just like Emperor Indra.
When his lifespan ended, his karma
was to be reborn as an animal in the womb of a donkey.
But at the moment of death, he
vowed to take refuge in the Buddha and the Three Jewels. He immediately
eliminated that animal karma; he only
had to be
reborn in the womb of a donkey with a tattered rope,
and then returned to
life as a celestial being.
Therefore, the merit of taking refuge is very great, allowing
us to be reborn directly from the animal realm
into the heavenly realm. This is something fellow practitioners should do
when practicing.  In the Golden
Chrysanthemum Club, the esteemed practitioner has already practiced the Six Harmonies and is
very proficient in the practice of taking
refuge. Now, I invite you, esteemed practitioner, to mentally follow along so that you may not tire. You can say, "Our heart is directed towards the Buddha statue," or "Our
eyes are fixed on the Buddha statue, our mind is focused on the Buddha statue," and then, following you, esteemed practitioner, you will
say to the congregation, "We, your
disciples, sincerely make this vow: We sincerely make this vow:
We vow to take refuge in the Buddha for all eternity; We vow to take refuge in the
Dharma for all eternity;
We vow to take refuge in the Sangha for all eternity; We vow to take refuge in the Three Refuges for all eternity." The
second time, we, your
disciples, sincerely make this vow: We, your disciples, sincerely make this vow: We, your disciples, sincerely make this vow: We, your disciples, sincerely make this vow: We, your disciples, sincerely make this vow: We, your disciples, sincerely make this vow: We, your disciples, sincerely make this vow:
We, your disciples, will take refuge in the Dharma for all eternity; We, your disciples, will take refuge in the Dharma for all
eternity;
We, your disciples, will take refuge in the Sangha for all eternity; We, your
disciples, will take
refuge in the Sangha for all eternity. The third time, we, your disciples, sincerely make this vow: We, your disciples, sincerely make this vow: We, your disciples, will take refuge in the Buddha, the Buddha of Blessing and Wisdom, the Buddha of Freedom from Desire ...
We, the entire assembly, vow to return to take refuge in the
Dharma, the Dharma that guides us across the sea of ​​suffering. We
immediately return to take refuge in the Dharma, the
Dharma that teaches us to cross the sea of ​​suffering.
We vow to return to take refuge
in the Sangha, the Sangha that is harmonious and pure. We vow to
return to take
refuge in the Sangha, the Sangha that is harmonious and pure. We pledge to make this vow: We, your disciples, take refuge in the
Buddha
and will
not fall into hell. We, your disciples, take refuge in the
Dharma and will not fall into the realm of hungry ghosts. We, your disciples, take refuge in the Sangha
and will not fall into the animal
realm.
We, your disciples, take refuge in the Sangha and will not fall into the animal realm. Three things we should not take refuge in, three places we should not take refuge in, called the Three Non-Refuges. Remember, fellow practitioners, we, your disciples, take refuge in the Buddha and do
not take refuge in gods, spirits, ghosts, and animals.
We, your disciples, take refuge
in the Dharma
and do not take refuge in heretics and false teachings.
We, your disciples, take refuge in the Sangha and do not take refuge in evil
teachers and deceitful friends. We, your
fellow practitioners, remember and
practice.  Having taken refuge in the Three Jewels, one should wholeheartedly
focus on and constantly remember taking refuge in the
Three Jewels, vowing to
continue relying on the Three Jewels, diligently practicing the
Bodhisattva path until the day of attaining Supreme Enlightenment. The
Golden Chrysanthemum Club has
made the Bodhisattva vow, practiced the
Bodhisattva path, and the fellow practitioners have also been very diligent during their
practice in the club. In
these days leading up to death, fellow practitioners should
contemplate or recite along to
find peace in the Bodhi Mind. The
master has taught us through the
sutras about the Bodhi vow that the Buddhas and
Bodhisattvas have practiced, that is,
the vow to attain enlightenment, to achieve
enlightenment like the Buddha, and to help all
sentient beings also attain enlightenment like the
Buddha. It is also through the Bodhi Vow that
we will gradually escape the bonds of
wrongdoing
and the sinful deeds of the demon king. While fellow
practitioners are still diligently practicing in the
club, before illness strikes, and
before the day of death arrives, fellow practitioners should also
diligently practice, recite sutras, listen to Dharma teachings, and meditate
in the programs
on making the Bodhi vow. Fellow practitioners have also
received...  Having heard the thoughts and spontaneously generated
Bodhicitta through the Bodhisattva Samantabhadra,
Bodhisattva Ksitigarbha, and Bodhisattva Avalokiteshvara,
our fellow practitioners, along with us Buddhists, are
very proficient in Bodhicitta recitation.
Now, with our minds focused on the complete contemplation, we will speak first. Fellow practitioner
Pham Van Thuong, Dharma name Minh
Tri, and all fellow practitioners,
wholeheartedly follow along or mentally
contemplate the Bodhicitta vow so that we may remember
Bodhicitta for
eternity. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni, Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni. We, the
Buddhists in the
Golden Chrysanthemum Club, practice the Six Harmonies. We, the
Buddhists in the Golden Chrysanthemum Club, practice the Six Harmonies, and aspire to Bodhicitta. We vow to
practice Bodhicitta, to
protect the Three Jewels, to spread the
Dharma
throughout the world, and to spread the Dharma throughout the world, and to protect the
Three Jewels, and to spread the Dharma
throughout the world, and to spread the Dharma throughout the world.
We pray that the true
Dharma of the Buddha may be proclaimed and flourish.
We pray that the true Dharma of the Buddha may
be proclaimed and flourish.
Respectfully, to our fellow Buddhist devotee Pham Van
Thuong, Dharma name Minh Tri, you,
along with the Buddhist devotees in the
Golden Chrysanthemum Club, have practiced the Bodhisattva path,
spreading the Buddha's teachings throughout the
world. During your time
in the Golden Chrysanthemum Club, we have
often performed many good deeds.
We often help
people to know the Buddha's teachings, to
help them practice the Buddha's teachings to
transform their karmic forces. We often
listen to and share the Dharma on various
websites with the aspiration that the Buddha's teachings will spread
everywhere. In our Golden Chrysanthemum Club,
Buddhist devotees have been enlightened
since they were ordinary people, even before they knew the
Buddha's teachings, throughout Vietnam and the
world. Therefore, we, who
have already practiced
this Bodhisattva path, may rejoice. May we,
in every lifetime we are born into,
practice
this path. We may not have lived in the Buddha's realm,
enjoying the blessings from our actions of
spreading the Buddha's teachings.  Our Dharma and
the merit we have conveyed through
this Buddhist teaching will prevent us from ever
falling into the lineage of demons.
We will dwell on the path of goodness,
transferring the Buddha's teachings and enlightenment to all
beings. We will accumulate merit, just as the Buddha practiced
for three countless eons, benefiting
all beings. When we have accumulated sufficient
merit, we will achieve supreme perfect enlightenment,
as the Buddha
taught us. We are Buddhas, and all beings
will become Buddhas. The Buddha also taught that the Dharma
already exists; whoever diligently practices it
will attain liberation, enlightenment, and complete contemplation.
May you, fellow practitioners, always be joyful with the good deeds and
merits of Bodhi that you
have sown. May this merit help you
overcome the
final days and moments of your near-
death experience, to be reborn into a new life full of
blessings and good fortune. May you diligently strive for
Supreme Bodhi. Now, together
with our fellow practitioners, let us turn our minds towards enlightenment and complete contemplation, and proceed with
our next rituals, which is
offering gifts to the Buddha. While
you are still diligent, you will truly
practice.  With sincere devotion, we offer food to the
Buddhas, Bodhisattvas, and Venerable Saints and Monks,
then to the celestial beings and deities, and then to the departed souls.
These are
great vows and duties, bringing immense blessings, so that
we may continue the
noble path of giving that the Buddha has achieved and
taught us. We invite the great assembly to partake in
this offering. [Music] Namo Buddha Shakyamuni. We respectfully
offer food to the Buddhas, Bodhisattvas, and Venerable Saints and Monks.
[Music]
Incense is burned, the
fragrant smoke spreads, illuminating the solemnity. We invite the
Buddhas of the ten directions, the Bodhisattvas, and
Arhats to witness
our offering. Namo Fragrant Cloud Canopy Bodhisattva. Namo Fragrant Cloud Canopy
Bodhisattva.
[Music]
In heaven and on earth, who is equal to the Buddha? In the
ten directions of the world, who can compare to him?
I see the ends of the earth, but no
one is like the Buddha. Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni. Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni.  Namo Buddha, Namo
Shakyamuni Buddha, Namo Impermanence, Namo
Permanence, Namo Dharma, Namo Supreme Abiding Sangha, Namo Shakyamuni Buddha, Namo Pure Land, Amitabha Buddha, Namo All Buddhas of the
Ten Directions and
Three Times, Namo Maitreya Buddha, Namo Great Wisdom Manjushri Bodhisattva, Namo Great Practice Samantabhadra Bodhisattva, Namo Great Compassion Avalokiteshvara Bodhisattva, Namo Mahasthamaprapta Bodhisattva, Namo Dharma Protector Bodhisattva, Namo Great Patriarch Bodhisattva, Namo
Assembly of Buddhas and Bodhisattvas, Namo All Virtuous and Holy Sangha
[music] We
respectfully offer our offerings to the Buddhas and Bodhisattvas, may the holy Sangha witness our sincerity, and may the holy Sangha
rejoice in our protection, Namo Universal Offering Bodhisattva, Namo Universal Offering
Bodhisattva,
Namo Universal Offering Dharma
[music]
We
sincerely offer our offerings to the Buddhas, Bodhisattvas, and holy Sangha, may all beings accomplish all tasks
correctly according to the Dharma,
and may the assembly be seated. Namo Buddha, Original Teacher
We, the devout followers of Shakyamuni
Buddha, respectfully offer food to all Buddhas, Bodhisattvas, and virtuous and
holy monks. Today, in this ceremony, our family has prepared offerings to all the celestial beings, deities, and guardian spirits present here.
We respectfully request all celestial beings, deities, and
guardian spirits to partake in the
sincerity of our family's devotion. [
Music] [Music
]
[Applause] [
Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni.
We respectfully offer food to all Buddhas, Bodhisattvas, and virtuous and holy monks, to
witness and bless
us. We respectfully request all
benevolent celestial beings and guardian spirits to joyfully
support us. At this time, we
perform the ritual of offering food to the invited spirits
in this ceremony. Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni. Namo Great Saint Nine White Mingdu, the original deity Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva. Namo Great Saint Four Eight Mingdu, the original deity Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva. Namo Great Saint Nine White, the original deity Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva.  Ksitigarbha
Bodhisattva, with
boundless compassion, whose wondrous wisdom is immeasurable, saves the suffering and the path of delusion. The Three Kings of
the Pure Land, our concept of the Divine Realm, illuminates all pain and suffering. The light saves the world, freeing us from the law, dispelling sorrow and grief. The Prajna (wisdom) transmits its voice, guiding the spirit to a high level. We admire the radiant light.
Namo Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva, the guiding teacher of the great vows. ... hidden people's
teacher of the great vows. The Lord of the
Underworld,
Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva, the great master, opens his skillful means,
widely compassionate,
serving all Buddhas in the past. His virtuous vows
are for the salvation of the deluded masses, transforming into a Bodhisattva of Compassion
and Light, penetrating the old path, shining brightly. Goodness guides the
people, leading them
to the gate of enlightenment.
[Music]
today, the present family of the devotee Pham
Van Tuan opens the Dharma hall, offering prayers for peace. We
pray that the Bodhisattva will continue to
guide us step by
step, illuminating us with the light of the Great Buddha.  The power of the Buddha
Dharma, the Three Jewels, and compassion break through the layers of darkness, the unfinished worldly existence, the
aspiration for enlightenment shines brightly, the tea-
walled, the souls yearn to receive the people, transforming them into blooming lotus flowers.
Namo,
guiding the path, the great vow of Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva.
Namo, guiding the path, the great vow of Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva. Namo, guiding the path, the great vow of Ksitigarbha
Bodhisattva. Offering
incense and flowers, inviting with one heart, one heart. This evening, in Vietnam, Quang Ninh province, the family of the devotee Pham Van Tuan Phung, following the Right View, invites the departed souls, together with the
two assemblies of the daily assembly. May the departed
souls
hear the sound of the bell. Nghi Loi respectfully invites them to the assembly to
receive food and
drink, and
offer incense and flowers with love.
[Music]
[Music] [Laughter
]
[Music] [Laughter] [Music]
[Music]
Along with the food, the Buddha
witnesses the devotion. The devotee, practicing the
Buddha Dharma, awakens to the law of cause and effect, develops the
great Bodhi mind, diligently
practices Bodhi, and vows to benefit sentient beings. Namo, joyful
Ksitigarbha Bodhisattva, Namo,
always diligent.  Bodhisattva Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni We respectfully
bow to all Buddhas, Bodhisattvas, virtuous and holy monks,
Dharma protectors, celestial beings, deities, and guardian
spirits, and to all departed souls.
Today, our devout family has prepared
offerings and food to present. We offer them to the Buddhas of the ten
directions, and to all Bodhisattvas, virtuous and holy monks, and to all celestial
beings and deities present
here.
We offer them to all departed souls whom
we have invited. May these departed
souls be blessed with the alms-giving
in this offering ceremony of our devout family
and be satisfied with the food. Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni, the altar
above, Namo, I must have, I
have, and the Thunder God, and more, offering to my wife, Tam, and
Hong. Namo, the offering to the funeral.
[Laughter]
[Music]
Tango
offering to Anna, funeral, and
Hong An Buddha,
may all departed souls
always have consciousness,
hear the scriptures, attain enlightenment, and be born.  With a pure heart and
Buddhist faith, relying on the Three Jewels, practicing to seek liberation from
suffering. Namo Buddha Shakyamuni
[music]
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni. My
name is Pham Van Tuan, and I have clearly understood the
teachings of the Buddha. Therefore, my family has
invited a Buddhist group to chant prayers for my father,
Pham Van Thuong, Dharma name Minh Tri.
Today, in this ceremony, my family
vows to make offerings to the Three Jewels at
Ba Vang Pagoda, Quang Trung Ward, Uong Bi
City, Quang Ninh Province, with the intention of protecting the
Three Jewels. We hope the Three Jewels will remain
in the world, bringing blessings to humanity
and deities, and to dedicate the blessings to my father,
Pham Van Thuong, Dharma name Minh Tri,
and to the deceased who have been
invited to the ceremony. I offer
one dong to the Three Jewels
to dedicate the blessings to my father,
Pham Van Thuong, Dharma name Minh
Tri. I also offer
two dong to the Three Jewels to dedicate the blessings
to the celestial beings, deities,
guardian spirits, and the deceased who have been
invited to this ceremony.
My family wishes to do this on the 14th.  In March of the
Year of the Ox, we will offer our respects to the Three Jewels
to dedicate the merits to our family
and to all the celestial beings,
deities, guardian spirits, and departed souls. We
pray that all the celestial beings, deities,
guardian spirits, and departed souls
may receive increased blessings, hear the
Dharma teachings, attain enlightenment, and form karmic connections
with us, practicing Buddhism together to seek
enlightenment and liberation. Namo, the
Witnessing Bodhisattva Mahasattva, Namo
Buddha Shakyamuni,
Namo the Ten Directions of the Dharma Realm, the Ever-
Abiding Three Jewels, the Great Witness. Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni, we, your disciples,
dedicate the merits of our practice in
this ceremony, along with the merits of the Six Harmonies practiced by
the Buddhists in the Golden Chrysanthemum Club and
the merits of our family,
to Buddhist follower Pham Van Thuong, Dharma name
Minh Tri. May the Buddhist follower receive increased
blessings, eliminate karmic obstacles, recover
quickly, and if his life is over, may he
leave this physical body
easily and be reborn into a peaceful realm,
meet the Three Jewels, develop the Bodhi Mind, and
quickly attain enlightenment. We dedicate this merit to all.  The
spirits invited to today's ceremony are blessed
with increased merit and karmic affinity, relying on the Three
Jewels and the Golden Chrysanthemum Club to
practice the Six Harmonious Dharmas. Together with
the Buddhists in the Golden Chrysanthemum Club, they accumulate merit and pray for
Supreme Enlightenment.
They dedicate this merit to the deities,
spirits, and guardian deities, wishing for
increased blessings, enhanced power, and the connection
with the Dharma practitioners to
support the family of the devotee, so that they may have deep faith in the
Three Jewels, rely on the Three Jewels, and diligently
practice with the Sangha of Ba Vang Temple to pray for
Supreme Enlightenment. We also
dedicate this merit and pray that the entire family of the
devotee may be free from calamities, be
safe, and experience auspiciousness. Namo Buddha
Shakyamuni. We dedicate all the merit and virtue we have accumulated
to the vow to
explore the realms of all sentient beings, to attain the state of non-
birth, to eliminate the three obstacles and cleanse all afflictions, to
attain truly bright wisdom, to
eliminate all sins, and to practice the
Bodhisattva path for eternity. We vow to
dedicate this merit and virtue to all beings in the ten
directions, so that all of us
and all living beings may ascend to the supreme state.  The
Supreme Enlightenment from the
Buddha's vow for all beings to
understand the great Dharma, the supreme mind, and to take refuge in the
Dharma; the vow for all beings to penetrate the scriptures and possess wisdom as vast as the ocean of compassion; the vow for all beings to manage the great multitude; the vow for all beings to take refuge in the Sangha; the vow for all beings to manage the great multitude; Fellow Daoist Pham Van Thuong, you must remember
your Dharma
name, Minh Tri. This is our
Buddhist name. During your practice,
you have heard your master lecture
on impermanence many times.
We are human beings, subject to
birth, aging, sickness, and death; therefore, no
being can escape impermanence.
So when impermanence arrives,
it is called the near-death karma, and we are about to
enter a new life. Fellow Daoist, you just
heard the sutra of the Indra taking refuge in the Three
Jewels. Indra was very wise; he
knew he was about to die, so
he took refuge in the Three Jewels, knowing the
immense merit of that. Therefore,
his thought of the near-death karma, of relying on the
Three Jewels, allowed him to escape
his karmic retribution.
He should have been reborn as a donkey, but
he escaped and was reborn.  In this
heavenly realm, therefore, fellow practitioners must remember
that we must all relinquish this body; everyone
must relinquish it—this is called impermanence. Regarding the mind,
let me reiterate the words in
the Sutra on Mindfulness of Death. The Buddha
taught that sentient beings
can die at any
time, and to avoid obstacles to being
reborn into a better realm, we
must eliminate unwholesome states of
mind in the present moment. To eradicate
these evil and unwholesome states, we must exert our utmost
effort, diligently and
persistently, without wavering, with mindfulness
and awareness.
Therefore, the Buddha taught us to exert our utmost
effort on this desire, meaning
we must always desire to
always take refuge in the Three Jewels, always
practice according to the Buddha's teachings. This continuous effort, fellow practitioners, this continuous
effort, throughout eternity, I take refuge in the Three Jewels, I take
refuge in the Buddha, I take refuge in the Dharma, I take refuge
in the Sangha, I take refuge in the Bodhi Mind so that I may practice
until the day I attain Supreme Enlightenment.
The Buddha told us to continuously and diligently
exert this effort on this
desire.  With
unwavering effort and mindfulness, we should be
aware of
impermanence—that my body will also be
impermanent, everyone in this world,
in this realm, in all realms,
no one lives forever without dying, so
we must die. When we die,
we follow the final thought called the near-
death experience. Therefore, fellow practitioners, use
that final thought, which is the thought of a wish:
the wish to take refuge in the Three Jewels, the wish to practice to achieve enlightenment, to attain
Buddhahood. We should wish for this diligently, with
effort, with
diligence. That's what the Buddha taught—this is the
sutra on mindfulness of death. If we do this,
we will be happy and
peaceful. So, this body is
with our family and relatives in
this life, but in previous lives, we didn't
know who our relatives were.
This is due to the power of karma that
brings us together. When you leave
this body, you
will follow that karmic power and have
a new life, a new existence,
different parents, a new family.  They belong to different
spouses, siblings, children, and relatives, completely different
from those in your previous
life. In this life, you don't remember
them, and when you leave this body, it will be the same in the next life.
If you leave this
life, even
your relatives will follow you
to the next life. They
won't know who you are. Therefore,
the Buddha taught that in this moment of impending death,
you must aspire to things
that benefit you: to take refuge in the
Three Jewels, like Indra; to
develop Bodhicitta; to have a
new family with faith in the Three Jewels,
to practice the Buddha Dharma together; and to have virtuous mindfulness.
These are called mindful awareness.
If there is a thought of attachment to family,
a thought of greed for possessions, or a
thought of unwholesome anger towards anyone, you
must immediately abandon them.
Because this is this life,
these afflictions and sufferings belong to
this life, not the next. You
cannot cling to them in this life, just
as you are now, with your
mind focused.  Having lived in
this life, we cannot hold onto our parents, spouse, children, and
siblings from our previous lives. We cannot hold onto them;
we must go to a
completely new life. We do not know our
previous lives, and if we created karma
in those lives,
that karma will cause us to have an
unfavorable living environment in our new life.
For example, if our minds are often filled with anger and
fighting, we will be born in
a country experiencing war. If
our minds are stingy and greedy, we will be
born in a place of great hardship,
like Africa, for instance.
Therefore, fellow practitioners, please rely on the
Three Jewels, take mindfulness.
Wherever the Three Jewels are,
there are good beings, and
we will suffer less. Therefore, fellow practitioners,
please avoid being caught up in this,
and every day, fellow practitioners in the Dharma
community will come to assist you in being born. May you cultivate
these noble thoughts, help
maintain them, and help
you have a truly good
and beautiful life in the next life, for generations to come.  Taking refuge in the Three Jewels, taking refuge in the
Bodhisattva's virtuous deeds, we will
form a Dharma connection with each other to practice
until the day we attain Buddhahood. This is
our vow in the Golden Chrysanthemum Club
forever. We may differ in appearance,
but in our consciousness, we are
always together, converging
to benefit each other, just like the
Buddha and the
Saints. We may be separated,
but our karmic connections are not. We
would only be separated if one of us did evil and the other did good.
But we both take refuge in the Three Jewels, taking refuge in
the Three Jewels, just like you
before. You didn't know the Mind-Viewing of the Complete Enlightenment, you did
n't know
each other, but because we both took refuge in the
Three Jewels, we came together and met.
Before, we didn't know
each other because both of us did evil, so
we didn't come together to do good.
But you directed your mind towards the Three Jewels,
directed your mind towards the True Dharma, and your mind-viewing of the
Complete Enlightenment also directed your mind towards the Three Jewels
and the True Dharma, so we will meet again. This meeting
is due to our
noble aspirations.  It is a wish that
we meet again, and we
meet again in the Dharma of the
Buddha, which is the Dharma of giving. So, when you are
healthy, you often go around giving alms,
helping others to abandon evil and practice good deeds.
Similarly, when
we enter the Buddha's teachings,
we will meet each other, not only in
this life but in many lives and many lifetimes to come.
We will meet and help
each other. For example, at the moment of your impending death,
the mind of the enlightened one will
come to help you. And at any time, when
the mind of the enlightened one is nearing death,
other practitioners will help.
So, in the Three
Jewels, we will always meet each other with good
intentions and high merit.
So now, the mind of the enlightened one, along
with other esteemed practitioners, will go out to offer food
to the hungry and suffering beings, those
in the realm of hungry ghosts. Because they live in
human form, they do not know the Buddha's teachings, they do
evil deeds, and therefore they are reborn in suffering and hunger.
We will continue to do this.  After giving alms, we
dedicate this merit to our
fellow practitioners so that they may increase their blessings for
eternity, always remaining in the
realm of giving. We must resolutely avoid being
beggars for food and survival, committing
evil deeds. We must be like the Buddhas, Bodhisattvas, and monks who
go begging for alms, but bring
blessings to sentient beings.
Now, fellow practitioners,
remember the alms you have given to
sentient beings in the realm of spirits. Now, let
us invite their entire families to come and
offer food to them.
[Music]